docs(enhancements): replace exceptions.yaml with Exception Requests Project view board (#3023)
kubernetes/sig-release: releases/EXCEPTIONS.md

Once an exception is approved, it should be broadcast broadly: send an email with the data and approval to kubernetes-dev@ and your SIG group, then follow up with a reply to that email once the enhancement is completed.

> ### Enhancements Lead

Reviewer: Could we change the title here? This section is really about where/how exceptions are tracked now, not just who owns the role.

```suggestion
### Tracking Exception Requests
```

Starting with the v1.36 release cycle, exception requests are tracked on the release's Enhancements Tracking Board using the `Exception Requests` view (e.g., [v1.36 Exception Requests view](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/241/views/7)) instead of an `exceptions.yaml` file in the release directory.

> When an exception request comes in, the Enhancements Lead is responsible for:

Reviewer 2: Historically we have rotated between Enhancements Lead, Release Lead, Release Lead Shadows for handling each exception request. Let's clarify that here so the Enhancements Lead doesn't feel like they need to handle each exception request that comes in

Author: Yeah makes sense.

- Setting the `Exception Request Type` field on the KEP in the Enhancements Tracking Board so it surfaces in the `Exception Requests` view.
- Populating the request metadata (links to the Google Groups thread, Slack thread, related PRs, requested time, request/decision dates, and final status).

> - Assigning an Enhancements Lead shadow or Release Lead shadow to follow up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Assigning an Enhancements shadow or Release Lead shadow to follow up.
```

Once an exception is approved, it should be broadcast broadly: send an email with the data and approval to kubernetes-dev@ and your SIG group, then follow up with a reply to that email once the enhancement is completed.

### Tracking Exception Requests

Starting with the v1.36 release cycle, exception requests are tracked on the release's Release Tracking Board using the `Exception Requests` view (e.g., [v1.36 Exception Requests view](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/241/views/7)) instead of an `exceptions.yaml` file in the release directory.

When an exception request comes in, the Enhancements Lead, Release Lead Shadows, or the Release Lead are responsible for:

- Setting the `Exception Request Type` field on the KEP in the Release Tracking Board so it surfaces in the `Exception Requests` view.
- Populating the request metadata (links to the Google Groups thread, Slack thread, related PRs, requested time, request/decision dates, and final status).

> - Assigning an Enhancements shadow or Release Lead shadow to follow up.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Assigning a Release Team member to follow up.
```
(or we could list out "Enhancements Lead / Release Lead / Release Lead shadow" but since we already mentioned it a few lines above, i think just saying "release team member" here is fine)

Author: Yeah makes sense.
